BD-3292: Remove mentions of "Beginning December" and "Beginning April" (#7751)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/export/user_data/post_users_segment.md

> Use this endpoint to export all the users within a segment. 

{% alert important %}
When using this endpoint, note the following:<br><br>1. The `fields_to_export` field in this API request is **required**.<br>2. The fields for `custom_events`, `purchases`, `campaigns_received`, and `canvases_received` only contain data from the last 90 days.
{% endalert %}

> User data is exported as multiple files of user JSON objects separated by newlines (such as one JSON object per line). Data is exported to an automatically generated URL, or to an S3 bucket if this integration is already set up.

Reviewer: Just double-checking that "newlines" is intended

> User data is exported as multiple files of user JSON objects separated by newlines (such as one JSON object per line). Data is exported to an automatically generated URL, or to an S3 bucket if this integration is already set up.

Author: ```suggestion
User data is exported as multiple files of user JSON objects separated by new lines (such as one JSON object per line). Data is exported to an automatically generated URL, or to an S3 bucket if this integration is already set up.
```
